#summary Identifies and quantifies the performance requirements of SitesWrapper.

= Performance Requirements =

  * *Android Configuration Client* - Must be smooth, responsive, use as little battery as possible. In general, the client software must follow the practices identified in the [http://developer.android.com/training/best-performance.html Best Practices for Performance] section of the Android developers guide. The following specific requirements must be verified on a continuous basis as a consequence of testing the Functional requirements identified in the Android Configuration Client section of the Functional Requirements section of this wiki and must be included in the Test Summary Report for each release of SitesWrapper.
    * All view swipes must be smooth and non-blocking.
    * Application launch time from the device powered off state, or initial launch state to power up must not take more that 5 seconds. That is from onCreate() to onResumed(). In other words, "it must not take more than 5 seconds for the app to restore the contents of all the fields for all the forms from the persistent values in the preference bundles from the state in which the device has previously been powered off.
    * All TextView values must be persisted to a Preference Bundle upon completion of the editing process, and this persistence must not take more than 1 second.
    * Creation of new *Item* objects must not take more than 1 second.
    * Creation of new *Landing* objects must not take more than 1 second.
    * Creation of new *Page* objects must not take more than 1 second.
    * Syncing or updating the Server Service resident configuration of SitesWrapper from the Android Configuration Client *shall be non-blocking* and execute asynchronously as an [http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/AsyncTask.html AsyncTask].

  * *iOS Configuration Client* - Must be smooth, responsive, use as little battery as possible. In general, the iOS client software must follow the practices identified in the [https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Performance/Conceptual/PerformanceOverview/Introduction/Introduction.html Developing for Performance Overview] and the [https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/iphone/conceptual/iphoneosprogrammingguide/PerformanceTuning/PerformanceTuning.html Performance Tuning] section of the iOS App Programming Guide. The following specific requirements must be verified on a continuous basis as a consequence of testing the Functional requirements identified in the iOS Configuration Client section of the Functional Requirements section of this wiki and must be included in the Test Summary Report for each release of SitesWrapper.
    * All view swipes and transitions must be smooth and non-blocking.
    * Application launch time from the device powered off state, or initial launch state to power up must not take more that 5 seconds. In other words, "it must not take more than 5 seconds for the app to restore the contents of all the fields for all the forms from the persisted values from the state in which the device has previously been powered off.
    * All values must be persisted to a iOS settings bundle upon completion of the editing process, and this persistence must not take more than 1 second.
    * Creation of new *Item* objects must not take more than 1 second.
    * Creation of new *Landing* objects must not take more than 1 second.
    * Creation of new *Page* objects must not take more than 1 second.
    * Syncing or updating the Server Service resident configuration of SitesWrapper from the iOS Configuration Client *shall be non-blocking* and execute asynchronously as a thread or some other appropriate concurrent programming paradime as defined in the [http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/General/Conceptual/ConcurrencyProgrammingGuide/Introduction/Introduction.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40008091-CH1-SW1 Concurrency Programming Giude].

  * *Apps Script Configuration Client* - As a [https://developers.google.com/apps-script/ container bound Add-On], the Apps Script Configuration Client is heavily dependent on the performance of Google Sheets, and it's hard to imagine having a performance problem associated with the actual editing of the configuration values as well as creating new Item, Landing and Page sheets. Collecting up and bundling the values as JSON objects to be submitted via the UrlFetchApp service is a different matter, as the Apps Script component itself, as well as the UrlFetchApp service does not run asynchronously.
    * Syncing or updating the Server Service resident configuration of SitesWrapper must complete within 10 seconds for a reasonably sized web app configuration. In this case, "reasonable size" is a subjective value which will be determined during the testing process. If this requirement cannot be met using a batch processing approach, some other syncing/updating method will have to me devised. For example, continual cell by cell update triggered by change.
    * Syncing or updating the Server Service resident configuration of SitesWrapper must be accompanied by the display of an indicator while in progress.
    * Syncing or updating the Server Service resident configuration of SitesWrapper must display an error message upon failure.

  * *Server Service Wrapper* - Provides a web service based interface for the configuration clients to access and update the data model in the datastore and thus the configuration of the web app component of SitesWrapper. Consequently, the performance of the web service component of the Server Service Wrapper is hidden by the asynchronous nature of the update process of the Android and iOS Configuration Clients and measured indirectly by the update process of the Apps Script Configuration Client and will not be address in this section of the wiki. The web app based interface of the Server Service Wrapper on the other hand, must adhere to established standards for performance of web applications for the generation of GWT Host pages, such as those specified in the Google [https://developers.google.com/speed/docs/best-practices/rules_intro Web Performance Best Practices] guide. Since the server side generation of configured Pages and Landings beyond the GWT Host page is intended to provide and indexable interface for search engines and other bots, and not actual end users, performance objectives for end user page click scenarios (use cases) will not be defined or measured.
    * The payload (HTML and javascript only) of very GWT Host page generated by the Server Service Wrapper must be delivered to the web client within:
      * 2 seconds when 0 Landings are defined in the datastore and 0 Sites are wrapped in the Page.
      * 4 seconds when 20 Landings are defined in the datastore and 4 Sites are wrapped in the Page.
      * 8 seconds when 100 Landings are defined in the datastore and 4 Sites are wrapped in the Page.

  * *Client Wrapper* - It is anticipated that the performance of the Client Wrapper, which as an AJAX web app intended for end user consumption on mobile, tablet and desktop clients, will be heavily dependent on both the configured "Look and feel" theme as well as the Site/Page/Landing/Item configuration (e.g.; selection of background image to be displayed on a Page as well as the number of Landings to be rendered as part of the page). Consequently, performance metrics will only be defined, measured and achieved for the base/demo configuration which will consist of;
    * The URL_IS_IT LookAndFeel theme engine selected (default)
    * Black and White full screen background images for all Pages
    * 4 Pages accessible from the MainMenu of each Page
    * 4 Google Sites accessible from the ContentMenu of each Page repeated for each Page
    * 4 Carousel style Items per Page
    * 4 Landings defined in the configuration datastore
For the above defined configuration, the following performance metrics shall be defined, measured and attained for each release of SitesWrapper: