#summary Links to sites, concepts and documentation referenced in this wiki.

= References =

  # [http://www.google.com/analytics/ Analytics] - Google Analytics is a service offered by Google that generates detailed statistics about a website's traffic and traffic sources and measures conversions and sales.
  # [http://developers.google.com/appengine/ GAE] - GAE (Google App Engine) is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) offering that lets you build and run applications on Google’s infrastructure.
  # [http://www.gwtproject.org/ GWT] - GWT (Google Web Toolkit) is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications.
  # [http://developer.android.com/google/index.html Android] - Develop a mobile backend using custom code with Google Cloud Endpoints.
  # [http://developers.google.com/apps-script/ Apps Script] - Build an add-on for Google Apps Sheet.
  # [http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/navigation/#section=Resource%20Types&topic=Guides iOS] - Apple's developer guides include overviews, tutorials, programming guides, and, for developer tools, user guides.
  # [https://cloud.google.com/ Google Cloud Platform] - Google Cloud Platform is a portfolio of cloud computing products by Google, that is offering hosting on the same supporting infrastructure that Google uses internally for end-user products like Google Search and YouTube.
  # [https://code.google.com/ Project Hosting] on Google Code, a free collaborative development environment for open source projects.
  # [http://hudson-ci.org/ Hudson] Extensible Continuous Integration Server.
  # [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_model Application Data Model] A collection of objects or classes through which a program can examine and manipulate some specific parts of its world.